DEVDOCS-3708 graphql logout (#1501)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/customers/customer-login-api.md

 

## Introduction
In this tutorial, you will learn how to enable single sign-on for storefront customers using the Customer Login API and JSON Web Tokens. 

<!-- theme:info -->

> >#### Note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> #### Note
```

> >You can also use the [GraphQL Storefront API](/api-docs/storefront/graphql/graphql-storefront-api-overview#customer-login) to log in and log out of a customer's acccount.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can also use the [GraphQL Storefront API](/api-docs/storefront/graphql/graphql-storefront-api-overview#customer-login) to sign in and out of a customer's account.  
```
sign in / out per style guide, typo
